genart review p2 (#317)
vcstuff/draft-ietf-oauth-status-list: draft-ietf-oauth-status-list.md

# Size comparison {#size-comparison}

The following tables show a size comparison for a Status List (compressed byte array as defined in [](#status-list-byte-array)) and a compressed Byte Array of UUIDs (as an approximation to the list of IDs of Referenced Tokens in a Certificate Revocation List). Readers must be aware that these are not sizes for complete Status List Tokens in JSON/CBOR nor Certificate Revocation Lists (CRLs), as they don't contain metadata, certificates and signatures.

> If no further metadata is provided in CRLs, then these entries will be the main factors deciding on the overall size of a Status List Token and CRL respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no further metadata is provided in Status List Tokens or CRLs, then the size of Status Lists or arrays of Certificate ids (represented as UUIDs) will be the main factors deciding on the overall size of a Status List Token or CRL respectively.
```

| 100M | 38.3 KB | 213.0 KB | 1.3 MB   | 2.2 MB   | 4.3 MB   | 6.6 MB   | 10.0 MB   | 11.9 MB  | 10.0 MB   | 11.9 KB |
{: title="Status List Size examples for varying sizes and revocation rates"}

> ## Size of compressed array of UUIDv4 (128 bit UUIDs) for varying sizes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Size of compressed array of UUIDv4 (128 bit UUIDs) for varying population and revocation rates
```
